feat: Add es samples for 11.2.2 (#15)
IBM/ibm-event-automation: event-streams/cr-examples/eventstreams/openshift/README.md

> # Event Streams samples for OpenShift Container Platform

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Event Streams samples for the Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform
```

> This directory provides sample configuration for installing Event Streams on OpenShift Container Platform .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This directory provides sample configurations for installing Event Streams on the OpenShift Container Platform.
```
